was my first tour of Afghanistan. There was a group of Marines who were
the reservists from the middle of America. They were assigned as generated
mechanics and different jobs, and and they got placed in a
unit that was responsible for collecting. Uh, they're dead comrades
their body parts and then do inventories and place them on a plane back
to Dover to their family members. Ah, very difficult thing that
they were not expecting to do. They did not have the training for but
to understand that they were part of something much bigger, something
that was going to be, uh, fruitful for the whole unit fruitful for
the families.